Kandinsky_v22_yiyi (#3936)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/pipelines/kandinsky.mdx

## Overview

> Kandinsky inherits best practices from [DALL-E 2](https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.06125) and [Latent Diffusion](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/api/pipelines/latent_diffusion), while introducing some new ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kandinsky inherits best practices from [DALL-E 2](https://huggingface.co/papers/2204.06125) and [Latent Diffusion](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/api/pipelines/latent_diffusion), while introducing some new ideas.
```

![img](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/diffusers/kandinsky-docs/cheeseburger.png)

> <Tip warning={true}>

Reviewer 2: Instead of adding it as a warning could we add a new section about 2.2? Think the models are too different to be treated as a warning

![img](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/diffusers/kandinsky-docs/starry_cat.png)

### Text-to-Image Generation with ControlNet Conditioning

In the following, we give a simple example of how to use [`KandinskyV22ControlnetPipeline`] to add control to the text-to-image generation with a depth image.

First, let's take an image and extract its depth map.

```python
from diffusers.utils import load_image

img = load_image(
    "https://huggingface.co/datasets/hf-internal-testing/diffusers-images/resolve/main" "/kandinsky/cat.png"
).resize((768, 768))
```

> ![img](https://huggingface.co/datasets/hf-internal-testing/diffusers-images/resolve/main/kandinskyv22/cat.png)

Reviewer 3: Are these two URLs supposed to be different?

We can use `depth-estimation` pipeline from transformers to process the image and retrieve its depth map

```python
import torch
import numpy as np

from transformers import pipeline
from diffusers.utils import load_image

> def make_hint(image, depth_estimator):

Reviewer 3: `make_conditioning_image()` seems like a better name.

prompt = "A robot, 4k photo"

negative_prior_prompt = "lowres, text, error, cropped, worst quality, low quality, jpeg artifacts, ugly, duplicate, morbid, mutilated, out of frame, extra fingers, mutated hands, poorly drawn hands, poorly drawn face, mutation, deformed, blurry, dehydrated, bad anatomy, bad proportions, extra limbs, cloned face, disfigured, gross proportions, malformed limbs, missing arms, missing legs, extra arms, extra legs, fused fingers, too many fingers, long neck, username, watermark, signature"

generator = torch.Generator(device="cuda").manual_seed(43)
image_emb, zero_image_emb = pipe_prior(
    prompt=prompt, negative_prompt=negative_prior_prompt, generator=generator
).to_tuple()
```

Now we can pass the image embeddings and the depth image we extracted to the controlnet pipeline. Remember that with Kandinsky 2.2, only prior pipelines accept `prompt` input. You do not need to pass the prompt to controlnet pipeline.

```python
images = pipe(
    image_embeds=image_emb,
    negative_image_embeds=zero_image_emb,
    hint=hint,
    num_inference_steps=50,
    generator=generator,
    height=768,
    width=768,
).images

images[0].save("robot_cat.png")
```

> the output image looks as follow:

Reviewer 3: Can we please maintain a consistent casing?

![img](https://huggingface.co/datasets/hf-internal-testing/diffusers-images/resolve/main/kandinskyv22/robot_cat_text2img.png)

> ### Image-to-Image Generation with ControlNet Conditioning

Reviewer 3: Not clear to me how it's different from the pipeline above that uses ControlNet.
